pages/agent/custom/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: "Introduction to custom agent skills"
description: "How to create custom agent skills"
---

import { Cards, Callout } from "nextra/components";
import Image from "next/image";

<Callout type="error" emoji="⚠️">
  **Warning:** Only run custom agent skills you trust.

Custom agent skills are a powerful feature of AnythingLLM, but they can also be dangerous if misused.

Always make sure to test your skills thoroughly before using them in a production environment & never install untrusted code on any machine.

</Callout>

# Introduction to custom agent skills

AnythingLLM allows you to create custom agent skills that can be used to extend the capabilities of your `@agent` invocations. These skills can be anything you want from a simple API call to even operating-system invocations.

The sky is the limit! Depending on how you run AnythingLLM, you can create custom agent skills that can run extra processes like running a local Python script or, on Desktop, even operating-system invocations.

If it can be done in NodeJS, it can likely be done in AnythingLLM.

## The current state of custom agent skills

<Callout type="info" emoji="️💡">
 Custom agent skills are newly supported in AnythingLLM and may have some bugs, quirks, missing features, unsupported features, etc.

Please report any feature requests or bugs you find to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm).

</Callout>

1. NodeJS programming experience is required to create custom agent skills. Go to the [developer guide](./developer-guide.mdx) to get started.
2. Custom agent skills must _exactly_ match the requirements listed on this help page.
3. There are built in functions and utilities to help you log data or thoughts for an agent.
4. There is currently no established tooling for creating custom agent skills - so follow this guide if developing skills for AnythingLLM.
5. All skills must return a `string` type response - anything else may break the agent invocation.

## Availability

Custom agent skills are available in the Docker image since [commit `d1103e`](https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm/commit/d1103e2b71ae5550fa33d7d74be5fe3e35e6b1b1) or [release v1.2.2](https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm/releases/tag/v1.2.2).

Custom agent skills are available in AnythingLLM Desktop version **1.6.5 and later.**

Custom agent skills are **not** available in the AnythingLLM Cloud offering.

## View loaded custom agent skills

You can view the loaded custom agent skills by opening the `Agent Skills` tab in the settings of AnythingLLM.

Any valid custom agent skills loaded into AnythingLLM will be displayed here.

See [where to place your custom agent skills](./developer-guide.mdx#where-to-place-your-custom-agent-skill-code) for more information.

<Image
  src="/images/guides/custom-skills/sidebar.png"
  height={1080}
  width={1920}
  quality={100}
  style={{ borderRadius: "10px" }}
/>

## Dynamic UI of custom agent skills

Custom agent skills can also have a dynamic UI inputs associated with them. This is useful for providing runtime arguments to your custom agent skills or configurable properties of them.

See [how the dynamic UI for a custom agent skill](./plugin-json.mdx#setup_args) is setup via the `plugin.json` file.

<Image
  src="/images/guides/custom-skills/dynamic-ui.png"
  height={1080}
  width={1920}
  quality={100}
  style={{ borderRadius: "10px" }}
/>

Commit message:

Changed any mentions of AnythingLLM to Archetypals, as well as some links

pages/agent/custom/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: "Introduction to custom agent skills"
description: "How to create custom agent skills"
---

import { Cards, Callout } from "nextra/components";
import Image from "next/image";

<Callout type="error" emoji="⚠️">
  **Warning:** Only run custom agent skills you trust.

Custom agent skills are a powerful feature of Archetypals, but they can also be dangerous if misused.

Always make sure to test your skills thoroughly before using them in a production environment & never install untrusted code on any machine.

</Callout>

# Introduction to custom agent skills

Archetypals allows you to create custom agent skills that can be used to extend the capabilities of your `@agent` invocations. These skills can be anything you want from a simple API call to even operating-system invocations.

The sky is the limit! Depending on how you run Archetypals, you can create custom agent skills that can run extra processes like running a local Python script or, on Desktop, even operating-system invocations.

If it can be done in NodeJS, it can likely be done in Archetypals.

## The current state of custom agent skills

<Callout type="info" emoji="️💡">
 Custom agent skills are newly supported in Archetypals and may have some bugs, quirks, missing features, unsupported features, etc.

Please report any feature requests or bugs you find to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/archetypalsai/archetypals-docs).

</Callout>

1. NodeJS programming experience is required to create custom agent skills. Go to the [developer guide](./developer-guide.mdx) to get started.
2. Custom agent skills must _exactly_ match the requirements listed on this help page.
3. There are built in functions and utilities to help you log data or thoughts for an agent.
4. There is currently no established tooling for creating custom agent skills - so follow this guide if developing skills for Archetypals.
5. All skills must return a `string` type response - anything else may break the agent invocation.

## Availability

(Self-Note: Not sure what to do with this line) Custom agent skills are available in the Docker image since [commit `d1103e`](https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm/commit/d1103e2b71ae5550fa33d7d74be5fe3e35e6b1b1) or [release v1.2.2](https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm/releases/tag/v1.2.2).

Custom agent skills are available in Archetypals Desktop version **1.6.5 and later.**

Custom agent skills are **not** available in the Archetypals Cloud offering.

## View loaded custom agent skills

You can view the loaded custom agent skills by opening the `Agent Skills` tab in the settings of Archetypals.

Any valid custom agent skills loaded into Archetypals will be displayed here.

See [where to place your custom agent skills](./developer-guide.mdx#where-to-place-your-custom-agent-skill-code) for more information.

<Image
  src="/images/guides/custom-skills/sidebar.png"
  height={1080}
  width={1920}
  quality={100}
  style={{ borderRadius: "10px" }}
/>

## Dynamic UI of custom agent skills

Custom agent skills can also have a dynamic UI inputs associated with them. This is useful for providing runtime arguments to your custom agent skills or configurable properties of them.

See [how the dynamic UI for a custom agent skill](./plugin-json.mdx#setup_args) is setup via the `plugin.json` file.

<Image
  src="/images/guides/custom-skills/dynamic-ui.png"
  height={1080}
  width={1920}
  quality={100}
  style={{ borderRadius: "10px" }}
/>
